normally why just two adults that are
attracted to each other
whatever happens
[Music]
welcome to storeflix in this video we
will explain sleeping with my student
this movie tells the story of a woman
who discovers her vacation fling with a
charming boy was no accident when he
targets her in a deadly scheme
can she escape from the boy's plan let's
find out in sleeping with my student
sleeping with my student begins with
flashes of the johnson families passed
in the car
felix johnson was driving even though at
that time his emotions were running high
because he was having a big fight with
his wife june they ignored their crying
child in the back seat
june is furious when she learns that her
husband has been having an affair with a
woman she knows but felix denied it
felix said that june was jealous and too
naive that she often couldn't think with
common sense and always obeyed her
feelings june couldn't hold all these
emotions anymore the outburst of anger
fused with the flames of jealousy
creating a crazy idea in her mind to end
her life with felix without thinking she
was desperate to grab the steering wheel
the car drove recklessly on a deserted
street at night until it finally lost
control and hit a car parked on the
shoulder of the road
felix in june are covered in blood and
unconscious leaving their crying child
alone
seventeen years later a middle-aged
woman named kathy is in a luxury hotel
room with her two friends megan and
stacy
the three of them are celebrating the
promotion of kathy who is now a school
principal all three work as teachers at
a high school
kathy and her friends were enjoying a
glass of wine when one of kathy's
friends felt hot
it turned out that the air conditioner
in the room didn't work
kathy then called the hotel operator to
request someone to fix the air
conditioner
not long after a hotel employee came the
room boy's name is ian and because he is
young and quite handsome megan and stacy
openly seduce him meanwhile kathy acted
normal because she thought ian was just
a young man who was probably the same
age as her daughter
that night kathy was sitting alone by
the pool then ian suddenly came up and
asked her to swim with him kathy refused
and ian went into the pool alone after
diving for a few minutes ian's body
never appeared on the surface kathy
tried to call out to ian but he didn't
budge
kathy then went into the water
spontaneously ian rose to the surface he
surprised kathy and laughed at her
expression that looked panicked and
worried ian then apologized to her and
said that he was used to diving like
that so that his body and mind relaxed
again
it was awkward between them ian stood
very close but kathy didn't try to walk
away either the charming face of the
young boy seemed to be pulling her
closer to him kathy tried to keep her
senses repeatedly reminding her wild
side that the handsome young man in
front of her now more than deserved to
be her son than her lover but ian seemed
to feel the same spark he continued to
seduce kathy with a charming smile and a
gaze that could trap kathy's desire in
the same lustful grasp after getting wet
in the pool they then went to kathy's
room for drinks
ian tried to rub the beautiful woman but
kathy looked away ian didn't just give
up he came back to kathy pushing her
against the wall kathy felt her heart
beat faster along with the discomfort in
her sensitive area as she felt the
warmth of ian's breath on her cheek when
the young man's mouth pressed against
hers in one swift motion kathy's
defenses broke down however unbeknownst
to kathy ian recorded their intercourse
with his cell phone which he secretly
placed near a lamp facing the bed
the next morning kathy wakes up in her
bed alone for some reason she felt
relieved after having a one night stand
with ian elsewhere it was revealed that
ian was not an employee at the hotel
where kathy and her friends were staying
he deliberately disguises himself as a
hotel clerk to get close to kathy
arriving at the house kathy met her
daughter named brie ree welcomes her
mother and thinks she looks different
after coming home from vacation with
friends
elsewhere ian also just arrived at his
house in contrast to kathy who was well
received ian got scorned by his
stepfather the two of them often
quarreled because ian hated his
stepfather who was rude to his mother
ian then met his mother in the room he
loved his mother who suffered from
mental disorders after the death of his
biological father in an accident several
years ago a few days passed kathy
started the new school year with a new
career as a school principal when she
and bree walk into the school's front
yard she accidentally sought ian's
figure among the students her steps
stopped but she thought it was just a
hallucination
re-enters her classroom and choses the
very back seat a few minutes later ian
entered the classroom and immediately
took his place next debri ian then began
showing the same friendliness and
concern he had shown to kathy as the
days passed bree and ian's relationship
grew closer ree felt comfortable when
ian was around her she even told about
ian to her mother kathy's happiness then
turns to worry when she receives a
mysterious message it turned out that
the message contained a photo of her
underwear that she wore when having sex
with ian at the hotel kathy assumed that
ian intentionally sent the message
the next day kathy visited bree's class
and chatted with her teacher the
students entered the classroom one by
one and took their seats how surprised
kathy was when she saw ian enter the
class and sit next to brie ian was
actually at her school he smirked
mischievously at her as she looked at
him in disbelief
kathy went back to her office and began
investigating all the information about
ian through the files at the school and
other teachers a security guard station
at the school said that ian was a
transfer student who had problems with
his behavior he was expelled from his
old school kathy then realized that ian
was not as sweet young man as she
thought she then wondered if ian's
presence at her school was just a
coincidence
kathy then went to brie and ian who were
sitting in the garden reintroduced her
mother to iain kathy who didn't want ian
to disturb her daughter blatantly showed
that she didn't like him and pulled brie
away
arriving in the car brie was very upset
that her mother had been so rude to the
boy she liked but kathy stays silent
arriving at home ian then showed his
mother the news headline of a newspaper
he said that the woman in the newspaper
was kathy sullivan who had snatched her
family's happiness kathy is a woman who
became ian's late father's mistress and
the cause of her mother's suffering to
this day ian swore to his mother to take
revenge on kathy
kathy's ex-husband ben visits her house
and takes brie out to dinner ian
secretly follows them to a restaurant in
the restaurant bree saw ian and intended
to approach him re then introduced ian
to her father
brie and her father finally came home
benton said to kathy that brie met a
young man at the restaurant while they
were eating ben said that the young man
was named ian and looked like a good
young man but kathy refuted ben's words
and convinced him that ian wasn't what
ben thought and he wasn't the right boy
for their daughter kathy then took a
night from the drawer and quietly went
to school in the middle of the night she
headed down the hallway of brie's
classroom towards the lockers of the
students she opened ian's locker using
the spare key slipped the knife into the
boy's locker
the next day a security guard called ian
while he was in the classroom the
officer took him to kathy who was
waiting for him in front of his locker
where the officer found a knife there
possession of sharp weapons is a serious
offense in schools the officer will
never tolerate students who have it
whatever the reason but ian denied that
the knife was not his and insisted that
someone had put it there on purpose to
set him up he looked at kathy who was
standing restlessly in her place kathy
then interrogates ian in her office and
tells him to stay away from brie but ian
instead threatens kathy by showing a
videotape of their intercourse at the
hotel he demanded a sum of money from
her in exchange for the video and
threatened to spread an obscene video if
she did not comply kathy was angry and
called a security guard to kick ian out
because he had been expelled from school
ian rushed out of school and went home
ian who is still filled with anger is
even more furious when he finds out that
his stepfather often beats his mother
when he is not home he then took a
kitchen knife and stabbed his stepfather
in the back he also took a baseball bat
and peeking to death suddenly the
doorbell rang ian was very surprised to
see gina his classmate who seems to like
him gina is very worried after ian is
expelled from school she sneaked out of
the school and followed him but it seems
ian never liked her and asked gina to
get out of his house gina then
accidentally saw ian's stepfather's
corpse in the kitchen
ian's demeanor then turned violent he
threatens gina that he will not hesitate
to kill her if she reports his actions
to anyone gina finally left ian's house
the next morning when the class had not
started bree walked down the school
corridor in a crowd of other students
ian who quietly returned to school
emerged from a door grabbed brie's arm
and led her to skip school and go to a
cafe gina catches ian and brigoin
together but then ian threatens her with
a signal to keep her mouth shut
kathy who looked very panicked then came
to class after class to ask about her
daughter but no one knows where brie is
suddenly gina approached them and said
that bree went with ian kathy
immediately contacted ian and asked
where brie was ian said that he was
currently with bri and he demanded a
ransom or he will hurt her ian then took
bree to a rural area that was quite far
from the city we began to notice the
difference in ian's attitude which had
now turned violent she asked where they
were going but ian instead snapped at
her and got angry he and then told brie
everything
ian and brie arrived at an empty farm he
drags her into an old building which is
the house where he lived before his
father died reed tried to escape from
ian by kicking him she managed to escape
down the dark alleys in the house but
ian managed to corner her into a room
that had no other way out
kathy arrived at the location ian had
set for their meeting she took megan
along and told her to stay in the car
just in case and call the police
immediately kathy rushed into the old
building with the ransom ian demanded
she was very relieved to finally see
brie again ian then reveals the real
reason why he did all this to kathy he
told kathy to remember an accident that
happened 17 years ago the accident
killed his father felix johnson and left
his mother mentally ill kathy was very
shocked to hear all these harsh facts
seeing her mother's reaction we finally
knew that all of ian's words were facts
and felt disappointed in her mother
kathy then apologized to her daughter
and admitted that she divorced her
ex-husband because she had an affair
with ian's father ian then pointed a gun
at brie intent on killing her with all
the intuition of a mother to protect her
child kathy immediately ran to iain and
tried to grab his gun ian tried to dodge
kathy but they fell which killed ian
instantly the scene then changed to show
june johnson who was sitting pensively
holding a teddy bear waiting for the
return of his son
the film ends
[Music]
you